Right.
You're little bit stable? You can't. Okay.
>> I'm gonna get you on a call. Hi, everyone. It's 07:00 on the May
24.
Special meeting of the end of the board of education.
My thanks to everyone in attendance to be here.
Thank you, board of education members, for volunteering your time and being here. Celeste, would you like to pledge? Absolutely.
>> Right
there. Oh, well, thank you. I pledge allegiance to the flag of The United States Of America.
>> Thanks a lot. You're welcome, Jerry. No. What comments would you like
it? Communication.
Does anyone have any communication from chair?
No. Seeing there are none,
I made a motion to go into executive session. Valerie, you're invited.
Anybody want a second motion?
So ask.
Okay.
All in favor, say aye. Aye. Nay.
In executive session, Valerie, you're with us? Hang on one second.
Okay. This whole thing doesn't work.
Five six.
>> Okay. So Out of executive session, I motion to allow Valerie to engage with the board of education attorney
to create an MOU to present to the board of selectmen in an effort to move forward collaboratively
toward development of the community center.
I second.
Thank you, Chris. Any discussion?
All in favor, aye. Aye. Aye.
The opposed?
Any abstentions?
Passes
six zero zero.
Jerry, can I have that one? Sure.
Here you go. Absolutely.
Bye. Bye, Shannon. Have a good evening.
>> Okay.
So just to be clear,
the things that we want to potentially
have in this
MOU would include
parking parking lot maintenance,
the turnaround,
addressing that smoking ban for all guests,
getting prior approval with a timeline and a staging plan,
meeting and speaking to collaborate on all the safety procedures, particularly the emergency vehicle routes
and jurisdiction going forward.
Mhmm. Yeah. Got it. Yep.
Chris, did I miss anything?
>> I don't think so.
You said parking and parking lot maintenance as separate. That's two separate things. Right. Yep. Did you wanna actually, did you wanna add add in Caitlin's suggestion about the the traffic restrictions, or is that in one of the ones you mentioned? So turnaround.
>> The stuff with the turnaround.
So and how it affects the school day. Traffic flow. Yep. K. Yeah.
Okay.
And
then one other thing did we wanna talk about,
also,
the one that, you know, I I had some concerns about with was the loading dock
because they put a waiver in.
And I'm just concerned that if there's loading and unloading on
their turnaround of supplies during drop off and pickup that it's endangerment.
Right. Yeah. So so time time frame.
>> So, yeah, traffic flow Traffic flow and time frame. Specifically, they're loading and unloading because they asked for a waiver for Yeah. Yes. Okay. Yes. Alright. Great. Thanks, Val. Anything else?
>> I think it is very straightforward. Mhmm. It should be easy for them to get the first to sign in.
>> Yeah.
Yeah. All done. All the work is done. And I think I think the only other really important thing to to write in there is that, like, we feel like this is important to have in place because the hope is that with this new facility, we will increase the amount of usage by residents. Like, that's the hope and goal. Absolutely. Right? Is that we do have more traffic. Right. Right. And that we have more events. Absolutely.
Okay.
>> We want this to have a positive impact on our community. Yeah. Absolutely. That'll be great. Yeah.
That's it. Anything else, Jerry?
>> Nope. Now we did that. And now all we need is comments from the public. Is there any are there any public people? Nope. It's Chris. It's Chris.
He's not public. No. Okay. Upcoming meeting, regular meeting is 06/14/2023.
K. We're gonna have the
public hearings for the planning and zoning on
June 7 at 07:00,
and that's gonna be in the town hall. And
Valerie is gonna do the presentation for us. Yep. Yes.
>> You all set? Great. Thank you. Thank you. To adjourn. I'll make a motion to adjourn.
Second.
Chris. Chris. Chris seconds.
>> Okay. All in favor, say aye. Aye.
Five six. Any opposed?
Any abstentions?
Hearing none, passes 500.
Shannon is logged off. Correct? Mhmm.
Thank you.
No. Thank